Update server_prep_ubuntu_20.04.adoc (#3688)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/server_prep_ubuntu_20.04.adoc

in 2021. Consider upgrading to PHP 7.4. For more information see
{php_versions_url}[Currently Supported PHP Versions]. This document considers two basic scenarios.
You have/plan to upgrade from 18.04 LTS to 20.04 LTS or you have a fresh Ubuntu 20.04 LTS installation.

> Php 8.0 is not supported by ownCloud 10.7 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

IMPORTANT: PHP 8.0 is not supported by ownCloud 10.7 server.
```

Reviewer 2: I assume we won't support php 8 in the next releases either.

Reviewer 3: We don't support PHP 8 in ownCloud core 10.0 ... 10.7 and won't support it in the upcoming 10.8.

Support might come in the future - that is yet to happen, and when that happens we will need to look ffor these sort of statements and work out what words to rewrite.

{php_versions_url}[Currently Supported PHP Versions]. This document considers two basic scenarios.
You have/plan to upgrade from 18.04 LTS to 20.04 LTS or you have a fresh Ubuntu 20.04 LTS installation.

> IMPORTANT: PHP 8.0 is not supported by the ownCloud 10.x server series.

Reviewer 3: To me, the words also imply (although they do not say directly) that PHP 8.0 will never be supported by the 10.x server series. I am not sure that the implication in my head is true. We might release `10.future` with PHP 8 support, or we might decide to number it 11.0 or? I just want to make sure that we do not mislead readers into thinking that PHP 8.0 support will never happen, or something.

Maybe a product owner/manager could comment about the words to use here? @pmaier1

Author: I did not mean the entire owncloud 10 server series, when I said 10.7 :-)
I agree with Phil, we should never say never, (php8 support may come faster than expected). I cannot tell if it will be a server 11.x or 10.x when php8 support gets added.

Reviewer 2: We'll definitely not have it in the upcoming 10.8, correct? That's why I wasn't happy about only mentioning the lack of support for 10.7. How about a simple: PHP 8.0 is currently not supported by the ownCloud server.

Reviewer 3: That sounds good - "currently" is the key word!

Reviewer 2: @phil-davis Cool, but uhm, how do we fix it after my pre-mature commit here? Edit locally and make a new push?

Reviewer 3: The easy way to adjust stuff is to do an online review, making a suggestion(s) and then GitHub gives you a chance to commit the suggestions. I did that just now.

> IMPORTANT: PHP 8.0 is not supported by the ownCloud 10.x server series.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: PHP 8.0 is not currently supported by the ownCloud server.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
